[DOCS] AUTH-509 Reducing permissions for unauthenticated users for apiserver access (#75173)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/unauthenticated-users-cluster-role-binding-con.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * authentication/using-rbac.adoc
// * post_installation_configuration/preparing-for-users.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="unauthenticated-users-cluster-role-bindings-concept_{context}"]
= Cluster role bindings for unauthenticated groups

> There are use cases where it may be necessary to add `system:unauthenticated` to a cluster role.

Reviewer: I am a may/might absolutist. ;-)
```suggestion
There are use cases where it might be necessary to add `system:unauthenticated` to a cluster role.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Since the below stuff is talking about past release details, I wonder whether it would make sense to put this information in a note? Because right now it jumps a little - first para talks about current behavior, next para talks about past behavior, then third para goes back to talking about current behavior and if you need to add this access back.

Not sure if this is the best idea, but just thinking out loud - no need to do it if you prefer the current way

Author: I agree that a note would be better. I don't love putting 2 callouts in the same module but it does seem to make sense.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we could write the docs for `cicd/builds/triggering-builds-build-hooks.adoc`, like it was always there in the first place and not like this is a recent change.

But we should definitely have a spot, where we document the change. If I would be an administrator that observes a regression a behavior, where would I take a look? The release notes?

Author: I think we should at least mention it here, but it will be covered more in the release note.

Reviewer: I tend to agree that a NOTE might make the flow better. Although, I also agree that maybe it doesn't belong here. I tend to avoid version-specifics in the docs. Leave it for release notes.

> {product-title} {product-version} does not allow unauthenticated groups default access to cluster roles for security reasons.

Reviewer: I wanted to break up _unauthenticated groups default access_ as it seemed a touch word-salad. Also, what about putting _For security reasons_ first to make it more important? 
```suggestion
For security reasons {product-title} {product-version} does not allow unauthenticated groups to have default access to cluster roles.
```

> Before {product-title} 4.16, unauthenticated groups were allowed access to some cluster roles. Clusters upgraded from versions before {product-title} 4.16 will retain this access for unauthenticated groups.

Reviewer: Not sure why we hate "will" so much. What did he ever do? ;-)
```suggestion
Before {product-title} 4.16, unauthenticated groups were allowed access to some cluster roles. Clusters upgraded from versions before {product-title} 4.16 retain this access for unauthenticated groups.
```

> In specific use cases unauthenticated users may need access to ClusterRoleBindings. For example, the `system:webhook` role allows unauthenticated users to trigger builds from external systems like GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket, which is important to BuildConfigs processes.

Reviewer 2: * may -> might per ISG
* The last part of the second sentence is running on a little. I wonder if it's critical, or if it could be left off? If you do keep it, I think you need to either write it as "build config processes" or "`BuildConfig` processes"

```suggestion
In specific use cases, unauthenticated users might need access to cluster role bindings. For example, the `system:webhook` role allows unauthenticated users to trigger builds from external systems such as GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket.
```

Cluster administrators can add unauthenticated users to the following `ClusterRoleBindings`:

. `system:scope-impersonation`
. `system:webhook`
. `system:oauth-token-deleter`
. `self-access-reviewer`

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Always verify compliance with your organization's security standards when modifying `RoleBindings`. Particularly when including unauthenticated access.

Reviewer 2: The second sentence is a fragment. I'd reword to include the part about especially unauthenticated access into a single sentence.

Also write as just use "role bindings". Or should this be "cluster role bindings" here?

Author: Role bindings and cluster role bindings are different things.

Reviewer 2: Right, but since you've been specifically talking about cluster role bindings throughout these modules, shouldn't we specifically say "cluster role bindings" here instead of just "role bindings"? I'd just at least confirm with an SME before leaving it as something different.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * authentication/using-rbac.adoc
// * post_installation_configuration/preparing-for-users.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="unauthenticated-users-cluster-role-bindings-concept_{context}"]
= Cluster role bindings for unauthenticated groups

[NOTE]
====

> Before {product-title} 4.16, unauthenticated groups were allowed access to some cluster roles. Clusters upgraded from versions before {product-title} 4.16 retain this access for unauthenticated groups.

Reviewer 4: Per the [term glossary](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#update), update is the preferred term:
```suggestion
Before {product-title} 4.16, unauthenticated groups were allowed access to some cluster roles. Clusters updated from versions before {product-title} 4.16 retain this access for unauthenticated groups.
```
